Update AV1755: Only use `Async` or `TaskAsync` as a suffix when a method has both synchronous and asynchronous versions (#374)
dennisdoomen/CSharpGuidelines: _rules/1755.md

---
rule_id: 1755
rule_category: naming-conventions

> title: Only use `Async` or `TaskAsync` as a suffix when a method has both synchronous and asynchronous versions

Author: Because I don't want my codebases littered with `Async` postfixes just because we use `async` all over the place.

> title: Only use `Async` or `TaskAsync` as a suffix when a method has both synchronous and asynchronous versions

Reviewer: ok

severity: 2
---

> Only suffix a method or local function that returns `Task` or `Task<TResult>` with `Async` if there is also a synchronous version of that method. If the only version is asynchronous, the `Async` suffix adds unnecessary noise. If both synchronous and asynchronous versions exist, use `Async` as the postfix. If a method named `Async` already exists, use `TaskAsync` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only suffix a method or local function that returns `Task` or `Task<TResult>` with `Async` if there is also a synchronous variant of that method. If no synchronous variant exists, the `Async` suffix adds unnecessary noise. If both synchronous and asynchronous variants exist, use `Async` as the suffix. If a method suffixed with `Async` already exists, use `TaskAsync` instead.
```
